Violet: What's going on over there?
Lime: Hello, hello!
Silver: I can't quite understand right now.
The whole capsule here is filled with smoke,
and breathing has become difficult.
In any case... we request, what the heck,
We need to get out of here so that we
can spend some time in your capsules
until this problem here is resolved.
Everywhere is filled with smoke.
This generator is acting up,
the light keeps flickering.
Can you hear me? Do you understand what I'm saying?
Lime: Silver, I warned you
years ago, didn't I?
Turquoise: We're considering it.
Lime: We can't help you, but we're considering
Silver: Listen, if you're considering, damn it,
then maybe it's already... we're
Estonians, you have to understand,
these capsules are for Estonians' protection.